and immune to all of us today we are in call of
duty advanced warfare and how is it
saying let's play the first
Infected party the truth is going to be
the first time I try it I have
quite want since with that skeleton
I think it can be pretty enough
fun not because you're going to be there all
while moving around I think we hope that
so it would be fine that I do not know if what
let's take everyone in that skeleton or
only he will take it
the infected I do not know really there
see it and see what soul and everything even though
I know it's the bulldog I do not know if they go
exchanging the according to the map and everything
that
but hey let's go let's go let's see if
this starts to center the field
ok we start with the bulldog then
let's go do what you seeing one
infected that last heated up surely
let it be me but I want it I do not want
my friend we are 12
ok, we start
come closer to this that this is the
infected
and happens to be infected is going to kill me
Uncle is that I'm a prick
Well, the case
this entire area was not affected
I've seen people shooting we're going to put
here with this group first not
it's around here they 've killed me I would say
to try someone gave me here
adrián killed
they left parce
Y
eye that is here
good good
You have to be careful
and we are alone
d
your oysters now we're going to go
here that has already hunted us already
you have seen us
besides the second animal
come on let's catch up with this
people come let's go up
turn
ok this is for the shield this is for
throw there the little things of these because
always there is not pulled by lefts
against there is enough salt
here we are here a few
surely that all the
little while
the same fear while
now what
but they do not kill what they are
according to all the state
if not infected in every single I want to be
his friend
'survivors'
I was getting dizzy yew
our sector cojones
dice
let's see
Clear
I hate him
that's
to yazira
n
and you have to be careful
what do you say they go with all valiant tomahawk
and I do this that I do not know very well
What is it
Y
how many want three
to the killed
so team
released
collect this 66 and I find
well, comrades, let's go for these
that has to be
you will not be able to see only our
leaving only one that is by
here back on the map we have seen the
shots be here on the right
look what I tell you
It is forbidden
this day that we are here
let's go good mate how are we going
let's see let's see how we have
stayed behind we have endured all
way we're going to see it to be the
first I think we have killed for
our 4 or 5 to 44 is fine by
some guys like I 'm going to the area that
it's a pretty fun game mode
as with the suit we are jumping love
all the time in motion and it's pretty
frantic this game will make that
love of him since it's like this
so nothing here you have the first
infected party I hope that I have
liked cali programmed his Christian
you are and you do not feel until then